
How do I work on specific functions not mentioned in the ticket tutorial?

How do I tie all of my back end/front end files together without messing everything up?

Should I get the backends done first or should I get the backend/associated front end done first?

How closely do I follow the ticket tutorial? Half the time I try to follow it directly it either doesn't address all the parts of the lab or I
mess something up. 

My git repository isn't working with this project; would I be able to fix this and save it to my classroom repository?

My classroom repository isn't showing up in my overall repositories in Github? What do I do? Do I make a backup repository, download all of the code
I've worked on so far, and paste that into the backup repository? What happens then when I need to turn in my classroom repository link for the canvas submission?


I don't know what to do and I am overwhelmed looking at everything; what do I do?








Okay, so I looked at how to try and change the name and I am genuinely kind of stuck
on what I need to do. When I try and remove parts of the cart function in Product.js,
it freaks out and won't display any of my cart additions. I also tried changing the 
variable name a few different ways and it didn't fix anything. I noticed in my server.js
file that, when dealing with products, the name 'product' was used in the server.js file
as well as when returning the name/price of the product. I noticed that in the server.js section,
when dealing with my cart, I had made a variable named ItemInCart. I'm not sure if that has to do
with anything, but I tried changing variable names to that and it didn't help either.
Part of the problem might also be that, in my CartItem.js file, I tried calling some of the 
product.js functions and it said they didn't exist/weren't a global variable or something.
I added the import product.js stuff to the top of the file and restarted everything, but it
kept giving me the same error. I'm not sure what to do? Any help would be incredibly appreciated.